Hi, I'm Heopop.
Today I'll do an interesting experiment.
It is called the Dance of Rainbow-colored Milk.
The Dance of Rainbow-colored Milk?
You may think that the title is strange.
But I'll really show you
the Dance of Rainbow-colored Milk.
We need only three things -
Milk, Food coloring, and Dishwasher Detergent.
If you don't have the food coloring,
you can also use pepper or cinnamon powder.
Then, I'll try making
the Dance of Rainbow-colored Milk.
First, I'll spread milk on a platter.
Spread?
I'll pour milk into it.
This time, I'll put food coloring into water.
I'll use a ice cube tray.
First, pour water into a ice cube tray.
I'll put the dishwasher detergent into a small plate.
Everything's all set.
How to make the Dance of Rainbow-colored Milk!
Add the food coloring to milk,
and put cotton swabs that coated with
the dishwasher detergent into it.
Then, milk will dance.
I'll try it now.
I'll put cotton swabs that coated with
the dishwasher detergent into it.
Dip it into the dishwasher detergent...
3, 2, 1!
What? It shows no response now.
Hey, move!
Fire!
It shows no response.
Hey, move!
Mix~
It became dirty.
Did you see it?
It was the Dance of Rainbow-colored Milk!
Although it became dirty now,
it was really beautiful.
Can I drink it?
Mm, it's delicious~
It tastes like the normal milk.
It's the food coloring.
So I can eat this.
But I feel weird.
Then, I'll drink poison.
Guys! I dipped cotton swabs
into the dishwasher detergent!
And put them to milk.
I ate the dishwasher detergent!
OMG. How could I forget that?